[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you very much we're so excited to
be here it's such an honor for us we're
uh we're like he said we're three
brothers from New Jersey you know the
bluegrass capital of the world
we uh we discovered bluegrass a few
years ago and we fell in love with it we
hope you guys will too
this is this next song is an original we
wrote called time-lapse we're probably
live up to its name
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you very much I'm just gonna take
a second to introduce the band on
guitars my 15 year old brother Tommy
on banjo is ten-year-old giant
I'm Robbie I'm 14 a pistol as you can
see we uh we decided to make it hard in
ourselves oh he chose to play three
songs in three different keys and uh I'm
also gonna explain a lot of people want
to know where we got the name sleepy man
banjo boys from so on
you've started when Johnny was little
and he started he first started the
banjo he would play uh you'd play on his
back with his eyes closed
maybe he'd say it looked like he was
sleeping so you'll probably piece the
rest together we can't really figure out
the reason for this it may have been
that it weighs about a million pounds
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you very much